Updating 2.0 docs (#11842)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING_TO_2.0.md

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
-->
# Updating Airflow

This file documents any backwards-incompatible changes in Airflow and
assists users migrating to a new version.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Step 1: Upgrade to Python 3](#step-1-upgrade-to-python-3)
- [Step 2: Upgrade to Airflow 1.10.13 (a.k.a our "bridge" release)](#step-2-upgrade-to-airflow-11013-aka-our-bridge-release)
- [Step 3: Set Operators to Backport Providers](#step-3-set-operators-to-backport-providers)
- [Step 3: Upgrade Airflow DAGs](#step-3-upgrade-airflow-dags)
- [Step 4: Update system configurations](#step-4-update-system-configurations)
- [Step 5: Upgrade KubernetesExecutor settings](#step-5-upgrade-kubernetesexecutor-settings)

> - [Changed Parameters for the KubernetesPodOperator](#changed-parameters-for-the-kubernetespodoperator)

Reviewer: Those should be in "Appendix" or "reference" section IMHO. or maybe steps should be grouped under the "Migration steps" .

Author: @potiuk good point. I added an extra level to the TOC and set up an appendix segment. We can even make the primary segments short and link to appendix as needed.

- [Migration Guide from Experimental API to Stable API v1](#migration-guide-from-experimental-api-to-stable-api-v1)
- [CLI changes in Airflow 2.0](#cli-changes-in-airflow-20)
- [Changes to Airflow Plugins](#changes-to-airflow-plugins)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Step 1: Upgrade to Python 3

> Airflow 1.10 will be the last release series to support Python 2. Airflow 2.0.0 will only support Python 3.6 and up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Airflow 1.10.x is the last release series to support Python 2. Airflow 2.0 series only supports Python 3.6 and up.
```

For a list of breaking changes between python 2 and python, please refer to this [handy blog](https://blog.couchbase.com/tips-and-tricks-for-upgrading-from-python-2-to-python-3/) by the CouchBaseDB team.

## Step 2: Upgrade to Airflow 1.10.13 (a.k.a our "bridge" release)

To minimize upgrade friction for Airflow 1.10, we are releasing a "bridge" release that has multiple critical features that can prepare users to upgrade without disrupting existing workflows. These features include:

1. All breaking DAG and architecture changes of Airflow 2.0 have been backported to Airflow 1.10.13. This backward-compatibility does not mean
that 1.10.13 will process these DAGs the same way as Airflow 2.0. What this does mean is that all Airflow 2.0
compatible DAGs will work in Airflow 1.10.13. Instead, this backport will give users time to modify their DAGs over time without any service
disruption.
2. We have backported the `pod_template_file` capability for the KubernetesExecutor as well as a script that will generate a `pod_template_file`
based on your `airflow.cfg` settings. To generate this file simply run the following command:

>         airflow generate_pod_template -o <output file path>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```shell script
        airflow generate_pod_template -o <output file path>
` ``

```

Reviewer: can't add ``` :(

    Once you have performed this step, simply write out the file path to this file in the `pod_template_file` section of the `kubernetes`
    section of your `airflow.cfg`
3. Airflow 1.10.13 will contain our "upgrade check" scripts. These scripts will read through your `airflow.cfg` and all of your
Dags and will give a detailed report of all changes required before upgrading. We are testing this script diligently, and our
goal is that any Airflow setup that can pass these tests will be able to upgrade to 2.0 without any issues.

>         airflow upgrade_check

Reviewer: Same here ```shell script would be nice

## Step 3: Set Operators to Backport Providers
Now that you are set up in airflow 1.10.13 with python a 3.6+ environment, you are ready to start porting your DAGs to Airfow 2.0 compliance!

The most important step in this transition is also the easiest step to do in pieces. All Airflow 2.0 operators are backwards compatible with Airflow 1.10
using the [backport providers](./backport-providers.rst) service. In your own time, you can transition to using these backport-providers
by pip installing the provider via `pypi` and changing the import path.

For example: While historically you might have imported the DockerOperator in this fashion:

```python
from airflow.operators.docker_operator import DockerOperator
```

You would now run this command to import the provider:
```shell script
pip install apache-airflow-backport-providers-docker
```

and then import the operator with this path:
```python
from airflow.providers.docker.operators.docker import DockerOperator
```

> Note that this backport-provider is *not* the same as the actual provider in 2.0. We have tested these operators for backwards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the backport provider packages are just backports of the provider packages compatible with Airflow 2.0. Those provider packages are installed automatically when you install airflow with extras. For example 

    pip install airflow[docker] 
    
     
   automatically installs the `apache-airflow-providers-docker` package.
   
But you can manage/upgrade remove provider packages separately from the airflow core.

```

 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
-->
# Updating Airflow

This file documents any backwards-incompatible changes in Airflow and
assists users migrating to a new version.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Step 1: Upgrade to Airflow 1.10.13 (a.k.a our "bridge" release)](#step-1-upgrade-to-airflow-11013-aka-our-bridge-release)
- [Step 3: Upgrade to Python 3](#step-3-upgrade-to-python-3)

> - [Step 3: Upgrade Airflow DAGs](#step-3-upgrade-airflow-dags)

Reviewer 2: The sequence numbers of the steps are a bit confusing and need to be modified.

Author: @yangrong688 does this look better? Not sure why it wasn't updating before.

Reviewer: We have now two Step 3's :)

                },
            ]
        }
    }
)
```

In the new model a user can accomplish the same thing using the following code under the ``pod_override`` key:

```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

second_task = PythonOperator(
    task_id="four_task",
    python_callable=test_volume_mount,
    executor_config={"pod_override": k8s.V1Pod(
        spec=k8s.V1PodSpec(
            containers=[
                k8s.V1Container(
                    name="base",
                    volume_mounts=[
                        k8s.V1VolumeMount(
                            mount_path="/foo/",
                            name="example-kubernetes-test-volume"
                        )
                    ]
                )
            ],
            volumes=[
                k8s.V1Volume(
                    name="example-kubernetes-test-volume",
                    host_path=k8s.V1HostPathVolumeSource(
                        path="/tmp/"
                    )
                )
            ]
        )
    )
    }
)
```
For Airflow 2.0, the traditional `executor_config` will continue operation with a deprecation warning,
but will be removed in a future version.

> ###Changed Parameters for the KubernetesPodOperator

Reviewer 2: Need to add a space to make this line a title

<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
 software distributed under the License is distributed on an
 "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
-->

> # Updating Airflow

Reviewer 3: @dimberman Should we change this header to `# Upgrade to Airflow 2.0+`? It's in the file name, but might be good to reiterate in this H1 here as well.

This file documents any backwards-incompatible changes in Airflow and
assists users migrating to a new version.

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Step 1: Upgrade to Python 3](#step-1-upgrade-to-python-3)
- [Step 2: Upgrade to Airflow 1.10.13 (a.k.a our "bridge" release)](#step-2-upgrade-to-airflow-11013-aka-our-bridge-release)
- [Step 3: Set Operators to Backport Providers](#step-3-set-operators-to-backport-providers)
- [Step 3: Upgrade Airflow DAGs](#step-3-upgrade-airflow-dags)
- [Step 4: Update system configurations](#step-4-update-system-configurations)
- [Step 5: Upgrade KubernetesExecutor settings](#step-5-upgrade-kubernetesexecutor-settings)
- [Changed Parameters for the KubernetesPodOperator](#changed-parameters-for-the-kubernetespodoperator)
- [Changes to Airflow Plugins](#changes-to-airflow-plugins)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Step 1: Upgrade to Python 3

> Airflow 1.10 will be the last release series to support Python 2. Airflow 2.0.0 will only support Python 3.6 and up.

Reviewer 3: `Airflow 2.0.0 will only support Python 3.6 and up.` > `Airflow 2.0.0 will require Python 3.6+.`

> If you have a specific task that still requires Python 2 then you can use the PythonVirtualenvOperator for this.

Reviewer 3: Should we link to info on this Operator?

> For a list of breaking changes between python 2 and python, please refer to this [handy blog](https://blog.couchbase.com/tips-and-tricks-for-upgrading-from-python-2-to-python-3/) by the CouchBaseDB team.

Reviewer 3: I presume we wanted to specify versions here!

`For a list of breaking changes between python 2 and python` > `For a list of breaking changes between Python 2 and Python 3, please refer to this handy blog from the CouchBaseDB team.`

## Step 2: Upgrade to Airflow 1.10.13 (a.k.a our "bridge" release)

> 

Reviewer 3: > To minimize upgrade friction for Airflow 1.10, we are releasing a "bridge" release that has multiple critical features that can prepare users to upgrade without disrupting existing workflows.

--> 

> To minimize friction for users upgrading from Airflow 1.10 to Airflow 2.0 and beyond, a "bridge" release and final 1.10 version will be made available. Airflow 1.10.13 includes support for various critical features that make it easy for users to test DAGs and make sure they're Airflow 2.0 compatible without forcing breaking changes and disrupting existing workflows. We strongly recommend that all users upgrading to Airflow 2.0 first upgrade to Airflow 1.10.13.
>
> Features in 1.10.13 include:
>

To minimize upgrade friction for Airflow 1.10, we are releasing a "bridge" release that has multiple critical features that can prepare users to upgrade without disrupting existing workflows. These features include:

1. All breaking DAG and architecture changes of Airflow 2.0 have been backported to Airflow 1.10.13. This backward-compatibility does not mean
that 1.10.13 will process these DAGs the same way as Airflow 2.0. What this does mean is that all Airflow 2.0
compatible DAGs will work in Airflow 1.10.13. Instead, this backport will give users time to modify their DAGs over time without any service

> disruption.

Reviewer 3: > 1. All breaking DAG and architecture changes of Airflow 2.0 have been backported to Airflow 1.10.13. This backward-compatibility does not mean
> that 1.10.13 will process these DAGs the same way as Airflow 2.0. What this does mean is that all Airflow 2.0
> compatible DAGs will work in Airflow 1.10.13. Instead, this backport will give users time to modify their DAGs over time without any service
> disruption.

--> 

> 1. All breaking DAG and architecture changes brought by Airflow 2.0 have been backported to Airflow 1.10.13. This backwards-compatibility does not mean that 1.10.13 will process these DAGs the same way as Airflow 2.0, but it *does* mean that all Airflow 2.0 DAGs will work in Airflow 1.10.13. This backport will give users time to modify their DAGs without service disruption.

> 2. We have backported the `pod_template_file` capability for the KubernetesExecutor as well as a script that will generate a `pod_template_file`

Reviewer 3: Seems like this section needs a little more context. Maybe add a sentence describing what this `pod_template_file` is and link to `pod_template_file` docs? 

> For more information, feel free to refer to documentation around the new [pod_template file](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/executor/kubernetes.html?highlight=pod_override#pod-template-file) and [pod_override functionality](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/executor/kubernetes.html?highlight=pod_override#pod-override).

based on your `airflow.cfg` settings. To generate this file simply run the following command:

        airflow generate_pod_template -o <output file path>
    Once you have performed this step, simply write out the file path to this file in the `pod_template_file` section of the `kubernetes`
    section of your `airflow.cfg`
3. Airflow 1.10.13 will contain our "upgrade check" scripts. These scripts will read through your `airflow.cfg` and all of your
Dags and will give a detailed report of all changes required before upgrading. We are testing this script diligently, and our
goal is that any Airflow setup that can pass these tests will be able to upgrade to 2.0 without any issues.

        airflow upgrade_check

> 

Reviewer 3: @dimberman I presume we'll add a link to 1.10.13 here once it's out?

## Step 3: Set Operators to Backport Providers

> Now that you are set up in airflow 1.10.13 with python a 3.6+ environment, you are ready to start porting your DAGs to Airfow 2.0 compliance!

Reviewer 3: Some typos:

`airflow 1.10.13` > `Airflow 1.10.13`

`with python a 3.6+ environment` > `with a Python 3.6+ environment`

> The most important step in this transition is also the easiest step to do in pieces. All Airflow 2.0 operators are backwards compatible with Airflow 1.10

Reviewer 3: `The most important step in this transition is also the easiest step to do in pieces` > `The most important step in this transition is best done in small pieces.`

using the [backport providers](./backport-providers.rst) service. In your own time, you can transition to using these backport-providers
by pip installing the provider via `pypi` and changing the import path.

For example: While historically you might have imported the DockerOperator in this fashion:

```python
from airflow.operators.docker_operator import DockerOperator
```

You would now run this command to import the provider:
```shell script
pip install apache-airflow-backport-providers-docker
```

and then import the operator with this path:
```python
from airflow.providers.docker.operators.docker import DockerOperator
```

Note that this backport-provider is *not* the same as the actual provider in 2.0. We have tested these operators for backwards
compatibility and when you upgrade you will need to import the actual provider using this command:

> 

Reviewer 3: > Note that this backport-provider is *not* the same as the actual provider in 2.0. We have tested these operators for backwards
> compatibility and when you upgrade you will need to import the actual provider using this command:

--> 

> > Note: We have tested these operators for backwards compatibility but `backport-provider` is *not* the same as the actual provider in 2.0. When you upgrade to Airflow 2.0, you will need to import the actual provider using this command:

```shell script
pip install airflow-docker
```
## Step 3: Upgrade Airflow DAGs

### Change to undefined variable handling in templates

Prior to Airflow 2.0 Jinja Templates would permit the use of undefined variables. They would render as an
empty string, with no indication to the user an undefined variable was used. With this release, any template
rendering involving undefined variables will fail the task, as well as displaying an error in the UI when
rendering.

> 

Reviewer 3: > Prior to Airflow 2.0 Jinja Templates would permit the use of undefined variables. They would render as an
empty string, with no indication to the user an undefined variable was used. With this release, any template
rendering involving undefined variables will fail the task, as well as displaying an error in the UI when
rendering.

-->

> Prior to Airflow 2.0, Jinja Templates would permit the use of undefined variables. They would render as an
empty string with no indication to the user that an undefined variable was used, but the task was not ultimately affected. As of Airflow 20, a template rendering with undefined variables will fail the task and display an error in the Airflow UI.

To avoid a task failure, you can revert this behavior when instantiating a DAG in Airflow 2.0 with the following:

The behavior can be reverted when instantiating a DAG.
```python
import jinja2

dag = DAG('simple_dag', template_undefined=jinja2.Undefined)
```

### Changes to the KubernetesPodOperator

Much like the `KubernetesExecutor`, the `KubernetesPodOperator` will no longer take Airflow custom classes and will
instead expect either a pod_template yaml file, or `kubernetes.client.models` objects.

> 

Reviewer 3: > Much like the `KubernetesExecutor`, the `KubernetesPodOperator` will no longer take Airflow custom classes and will instead expect either a pod_template yaml file, or `kubernetes.client.models` objects.

-->

> Much like the `KubernetesExecutor`, the `KubernetesPodOperator` in 2.0 will no longer take Airflow custom classes and will instead expect either a `pod_template` yaml file or `kubernetes.client.models` objects.

```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s
from airflow.kubernetes.secret import Secret

configmaps = ['test-configmap-1', 'test-configmap-2']

volume = k8s.V1Volume(
    name='test-volume',
    persistent_volume_claim=k8s.V1PersistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource(claim_name='test-volume'),
)

port = k8s.V1ContainerPort(name='http', container_port=80)
secret_file = Secret('volume', '/etc/sql_conn', 'airflow-secrets', 'sql_alchemy_conn')
secret_env = Secret('env', 'SQL_CONN', 'airflow-secrets', 'sql_alchemy_conn')
secret_all_keys = Secret('env', None, 'airflow-secrets-2')
volume_mount = k8s.V1VolumeMount(
    name='test-volume', mount_path='/root/mount_file', sub_path=None, read_only=True
)

k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo", "10"],
    labels={"foo": "bar"},
    secrets=[secret_file, secret_env],
    ports=[port],
    volumes=[volume],
    volume_mounts=[volume_mount],
    name="airflow-test-pod",
    task_id="task",
    is_delete_operator_pod=True,
    hostnetwork=False)
```

> We decided to keep the Secret class as users seem to really like that simplifies the complexity of mounting

Reviewer 3: I'd bring this back up to the top where you first mention this exception! So:

> The one notable exception is that Airflow 2.0 will maintain support for the`airflow.kubernetes.secret.Secret` class. We decided to keep the Secret class given that many users find that it simplifies the complexity of mounting Kubernetes secrets into workers.

Kubernetes secrets into workers.

> For a more detailed list of changes to the KubernetesPodOperator API, please read [here](#Changed-Parameters-for-the-KubernetesPodOperator)

Reviewer 3: Add `.` at the end

> ## Step 4: Update system configurations

Reviewer 3: `system configurations` > `System Configurations`?

### Drop legacy UI in favor of FAB RBAC UI

> WARNING: Breaking change

Previously we were using two versions of UI, which were hard to maintain as we need to implement/update the same feature
in both versions. With this release we've removed the older UI in favor of Flask App Builder RBAC UI. No need to set the
RBAC UI explicitly in the configuration now as this is the only default UI. We did it to avoid

> the huge maintenance burden of two independent user interfaces

Reviewer 3: > Previously we were using two versions of UI, which were hard to maintain as we need to implement/update the same feature in both versions. With this release we've removed the older UI in favor of Flask App Builder RBAC UI. No need to set the RBAC UI explicitly in the configuration now as this is the only default UI. We did it to avoid
> the huge maintenance burden of two independent user interfaces

--> 

>  Prior to 2.0, users could choose between two versions of the Airflow UI - the RBAC (Role-based Access Control) UI with support for [user roles and permissions](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/security/access-control.html) and the non-RBAC UI. They were hard to maintain and required that all new features and changes be applied to each. In Airflow 2.0 and beyond, we've removed the older UI in favor of a Flask App Builder RBAC UI to avoid the maintenance burden of two independent frameworks and to provide a more standard and secure user experience. Now, there's no need to set the RBAC UI explicitly in your `airflow.cfg`.

> Please note that that custom auth backends will need re-writing to target new FAB based UI.

Reviewer 3: @dimberman Should we give more guidelines here to users with custom auth backends? Should we specify what "re-writing" entails?

> As part of this change, a few configuration items in `[webserver]` section are removed and no longer applicable,

Reviewer 3: *in the `[webserver]` section

including `authenticate`, `filter_by_owner`, `owner_mode`, and `rbac`.

Before upgrading to this release, we recommend activating the new FAB RBAC UI. For that, you should set
the `rbac` options  in `[webserver]` in the `airflow.cfg` file to `true`

> 

Reviewer 3: > Before upgrading to Airflow 2.0, users must activate the new FAB RBAC UI. To do so, set the `rbac` options  in the `[webserver]` section of the `airflow.cfg` file to `true`.

Reviewer 3: @dimberman This is required, right? Changed language here from "we recommend" to "users must".

```ini
[webserver]
rbac = true
```

> In order to login to the interface, you need to create an administrator account.

Reviewer 3: > In order to login to the interface, you need to create an administrator account.

-->

> In order to login to the Airflow UI once you've adjusted your `airflow.cfg` file you'll need to create an administrator account by running the following via the Airflow CLI:

```
airflow create_user \
    --role Admin \
    --username admin \
    --firstname FIRST_NAME \
    --lastname LAST_NAME \
    --email EMAIL@example.org
```

If you have already installed Airflow 2.0, you can create a user with the command `airflow users create`.
You don't need to make changes to the configuration file as the FAB RBAC UI is
the only supported UI.
```
airflow users create \
    --role Admin \
    --username admin \
    --firstname FIRST_NAME \
    --lastname LAST_NAME \
    --email EMAIL@example.org
```

### Breaking Change in OAuth

The flask-ouathlib has been replaced with authlib because flask-outhlib has

> been deprecated in favour of authlib.

Reviewer 3: Redundant sentence here -

> The flask-ouathlib has been replaced with authlib because flask-outhlib has
been deprecated in favour of authlib.
-->

> In Airflow 2.0, the `flask-outhlib` has been deprecated in favor of `authlib`.

                },
            ]
        }
    }
)
```

In the new model a user can accomplish the same thing using the following code under the ``pod_override`` key:

```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

second_task = PythonOperator(
    task_id="four_task",
    python_callable=test_volume_mount,
    executor_config={"pod_override": k8s.V1Pod(
        spec=k8s.V1PodSpec(
            containers=[
                k8s.V1Container(
                    name="base",
                    volume_mounts=[
                        k8s.V1VolumeMount(
                            mount_path="/foo/",
                            name="example-kubernetes-test-volume"
                        )
                    ]
                )
            ],
            volumes=[
                k8s.V1Volume(
                    name="example-kubernetes-test-volume",
                    host_path=k8s.V1HostPathVolumeSource(
                        path="/tmp/"
                    )
                )
            ]
        )
    )
    }
)
```
For Airflow 2.0, the traditional `executor_config` will continue operation with a deprecation warning,
but will be removed in a future version.

> ## Changed Parameters for the KubernetesPodOperator

Reviewer 3: Should this be an H3 (`###`) since it falls under `## Step 5: Upgrade KubernetesExecutor settings`? Unless you want this to be a Step 6!

> #### port has migrated from a List[Port] to a List[V1ContainerPort]

Reviewer 3: `port` > `Port`

Reviewer 3: I'd also take out the "has" here

Before:
```python
from airflow.kubernetes.pod import Port
port = Port('http', 80)
k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    ports=[port],
    task_id="task",
)
```

After:
```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s
port = k8s.V1ContainerPort(name='http', container_port=80)
k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    ports=[port],
    task_id="task",
)
```

> #### volume_mounts has migrated from a List[VolumeMount] to a List[V1VolumeMount]

Reviewer 3: I think take out "has" here as well

Before:
```python
from airflow.kubernetes.volume_mount import VolumeMount
volume_mount = VolumeMount('test-volume',
                           mount_path='/root/mount_file',
                           sub_path=None,
                           read_only=True)
k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    volume_mounts=[volume_mount],
    task_id="task",
)
```

After:
```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s
volume_mount = k8s.V1VolumeMount(
    name='test-volume', mount_path='/root/mount_file', sub_path=None, read_only=True
)
k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    volume_mounts=[volume_mount],
    task_id="task",
)
```

> #### volumes has migrated from a List[Volume] to a List[V1Volume]

Reviewer 3: `volumes` > `Volumes`?

    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    volumes=[volume],
    task_id="task",
)
```

After:
```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s
volume = k8s.V1Volume(
    name='test-volume',
    persistent_volume_claim=k8s.V1PersistentVolumeClaimVolumeSource(claim_name='test-volume'),
)
k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    volumes=[volume],
    task_id="task",
)
```
#### env_vars has migrated from a Dict to a List[V1EnvVar]
Before:
```python
k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    env_vars={"ENV1": "val1", "ENV2": "val2"},
    task_id="task",
)
```

After:
```python
from kubernetes.client import models as k8s

env_vars = [
    k8s.V1EnvVar(
        name="ENV1",
        value="val1"
    ),
    k8s.V1EnvVar(
        name="ENV2",
        value="val2"
    )]

k = KubernetesPodOperator(
    namespace='default',
    image="ubuntu:16.04",
    cmds=["bash", "-cx"],
    arguments=["echo 10"],
    env_vars=env_vars,
    task_id="task",
)
```

#### PodRuntimeInfoEnv has been removed

> PodRuntimeInfoEnv can now be added to the `env_vars` variable as a `V1EnvVarSource`

Reviewer 3: Add `.` at end

| Create a pool(POST)               | /api/experimental/pools                                                          | /api/v1/pools                                                                  |
| Delete a pool(DELETE)             | /api/experimental/pools/<string:name>                                            | /api/v1/pools/{pool_name}                                                      |
| DAG Lineage(GET)                  | /api/experimental/lineage/<DAG_ID>/<string:execution_date>/                      | /api/v1/dags/{dag_id}/dagRuns/{dag_run_id}/taskInstances/{task_id}/xcomEntries |

#### Note
This endpoint ``/api/v1/dags/{dag_id}/dagRuns`` also allows you to filter dag_runs with parameters such as ``start_date``, ``end_date``, ``execution_date`` etc in the query string.
Therefore the operation previously performed by this endpoint

    /api/experimental/dags/<string:dag_id>/dag_runs/<string:execution_date>

can now be handled with filter parameters in the query string.
Getting information about latest runs can be accomplished with the help of
filters in the query string of this endpoint(``/api/v1/dags/{dag_id}/dagRuns``). Please check the Stable API

> reference documentation for more information

Reviewer 3: Add link to Stable API reference doc?

### Changes to Exception handling for from DAG callbacks

Exception from DAG callbacks used to crash scheduler. In order to make
scheduler more robust, we have changed this behavior to log the exception
instead. On top of that, a new `dag.callback_exceptions` counter metric has
been added to help better monitor callback exceptions.

> 

Reviewer 3: > Exception from DAG callbacks used to crash scheduler. In order to make
scheduler more robust, we have changed this behavior to log the exception
instead. On top of that, a new `dag.callback_exceptions` counter metric has
been added to help better monitor callback exceptions.

-->

> Exception from DAG callbacks used to crash the Airflow Scheduler. As part of our efforts to make the Scheduler more performant and reliable, we have changed this behavior to log the exception
instead. On top of that, a new `dag.callback_exceptions` counter metric has
been added to help better monitor callback exceptions.

> ### CLI changes in Airflow 2.0

Reviewer 3: --> `### Airflow CLI changes in 2.0`

The Airflow CLI has been organized so that related commands are grouped together as subcommands,
which means that if you use these commands in your scripts, you have to make changes to them.

This section describes the changes that have been made, and what you need to do to update your script.

> The ability to manipulate users from the command line has been changed. ``airflow create_user``,  ``airflow delete_user``

Reviewer 3: This starts to feel a little laundry list-y - could we improve the format here to read more clearly? You could create a brief bolded section for each command or expand on the table below

| ``airflow run``               | ``airflow tasks run``              |    ``tasks``       |
| ``airflow render``            | ``airflow tasks render``           |    ``tasks``       |
| ``airflow initdb``            | ``airflow db init``                |     ``db``         |
| ``airflow resetdb``           | ``airflow db reset``               |     ``db``         |
| ``airflow upgradedb``         | ``airflow db upgrade``             |     ``db``         |
| ``airflow checkdb``           | ``airflow db check``               |     ``db``         |
| ``airflow shell``             | ``airflow db shell``               |     ``db``         |
| ``airflow pool``              | ``airflow pools``                  |     ``pools``      |
| ``airflow create_user``       | ``airflow users create``           |     ``users``      |
| ``airflow delete_user``       | ``airflow users delete``           |     ``users``      |
| ``airflow list_users``        | ``airflow users list``             |     ``users``      |
| ``airflow rotate_fernet_key`` | ``airflow rotate-fernet-key``      |                    |
| ``airflow sync_perm``         | ``airflow sync-perm``              |                    |

> Example Usage for the ``users`` group:

Reviewer 3: This could be its own section, for example
